                                                                                                                                                                
  tinkery                                                                                                                                                    ?  
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
  I have been trying so hard to work on a system that compounds itself and    You are confirming                                                                
  serves as a meta harness. its a human first board for coordinainting        For a human leading work across the entire agentic software development           
  work from the entire continuum of agentic software development lifecycle    lifecycle, I can coordinate work from the brain dump through a                    
  that has the rigor and durability and cohesive and verification that all    human-review-ready PR while improving the health of the code base, so each        
  'just work's and thinks about the future of any code base it works on.      change makes the next change easier and the system compounds its value. It works  
  not just the trees, but the forest. it should operate like a michellin      if the work has rigor, durability, cohesion, and verification that all "just      
  star resteraunt and I am the resterauntaur that tastes the final            work" while considering both the trees and the forest; remain human-first, with   
  delicious product. it goes from this part (the brain dump-the prompt-the    the human tasting the final product, and must not optimize only for individual    
  hunch-the intuition) all the way to a PR that is ready to be reviewed by    code changes.                                                                     
  human that considers the health of the code base and makes the next                                                                                           
  change easier. that is my true goal.                                        when                                                                              
                                                                              For a human leading work across the entire agentic software development           
                                                                              lifecycle                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              I can                                                                             
                                                                              coordinate work from the brain dump through a human-review-ready PR while         
                                                                              improving the health of the code base                                             
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              so                                                                                
                                                                              so each change makes the next change easier and the system compounds its value    
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              it works if                                                                       
                                                                              the work has rigor, durability, cohesion, and verification that all "just work"   
                                                                              while considering both the trees and the forest                                   
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              not                                                                               
                                                                              Running out of questions doesn't mean I understood you.                           
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              Creates a Seed Me session; this goal can't be edited after.                       
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              type confirm                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              Back                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                
  type confirm save   esc back                                                                                                                                  