                                                                                                                                                                
  tinkery                                                                                                                                                    ?  
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
  I have been trying so hard to work on a system that compounds itself and    I think you mean…                                                                 
  serves as a meta harness. its a human first board for coordinainting        For a human leading work across the entire agentic software development           
  work from the entire continuum of agentic software development lifecycle    lifecycle, I can coordinate work from the brain dump through a                    
  that has the rigor and durability and cohesive and verification that all    human-review-ready PR while improving the health of the code base, so each        
  'just work's and thinks about the future of any code base it works on.      change makes the next change easier and the system compounds its value. It works  
  not just the trees, but the forest. it should operate like a michellin      if the work has rigor, durability, cohesion, and verification that all "just      
  star resteraunt and I am the resterauntaur that tastes the final            work" while considering both the trees and the forest; remain human-first, with   
  delicious product. it goes from this part (the brain dump-the prompt-the    the human tasting the final product, and must not optimize only for individual    
  hunch-the intuition) all the way to a PR that is ready to be reviewed by    code changes.                                                                     
  human that considers the health of the code base and makes the next                                                                                           
  change easier. that is my true goal.                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              One thing I'm not sure about                                                      
                                                                              What must this system never take out of the human's hands or get wrong?           
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              your answer                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
  2 send   3 review   8 skip   10 menu                                                                                                                          