                                                                                                                                                                
  tinkery                                                                                                                                                    ?  
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
  I have been trying so hard to work on a system that compounds itself and    I think you mean…                                                                 
  serves as a meta harness. its a human first board for coordinainting        I am trying to work on a system that compounds itself and serves as a meta        
  work from the entire continuum of agentic software development lifecycle    harness for coordinating work across the entire continuum of agentic software     
  that has the rigor and durability and cohesive and verification that all    development lifecycle, I can take work from a brain dump, prompt, hunch, or       
  'just work's and thinks about the future of any code base it works on.      intuition through a cohesive, rigorous, durable, verified change to a PR ready    
  not just the trees, but the forest. it should operate like a michellin      for human review, so The system helps me consider the health of the whole         
  star resteraunt and I am the resterauntaur that tastes the final            codebase—the forest, not just the trees—and makes the next change easier. I want  
  delicious product. it goes from this part (the brain dump-the prompt-the    a human-first system in which I am the restaurateur who tastes the final          
  hunch-the intuition) all the way to a PR that is ready to be reviewed by    product; rigor, durability, cohesion, and verification should all just work.      
  human that considers the health of the code base and makes the next                                                                                           
  change easier. that is my true goal.                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              One thing I'm not sure about                                                      
                                                                              What would let you know that this system is achieving its true goal?              
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              your answer                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
  2 send   3 review   8 skip   10 menu                                                                                                                          