                                                                                                                                                                
  tinkery                                                                                                                                                    ?  
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
  I have been trying so hard to work on a system that compounds itself and    You are confirming                                                                
  serves as a meta harness. its a human first board for coordinainting        I am trying to work on a system that compounds itself and serves as a meta        
  work from the entire continuum of agentic software development lifecycle    harness for coordinating work across the entire continuum of agentic software     
  that has the rigor and durability and cohesive and verification that all    development lifecycle, I can take work from a brain dump, prompt, hunch, or       
  'just work's and thinks about the future of any code base it works on.      intuition through a cohesive, rigorous, durable, verified change to a PR ready    
  not just the trees, but the forest. it should operate like a michellin      for human review, so The system helps me consider the health of the whole         
  star resteraunt and I am the resterauntaur that tastes the final            codebase—the forest, not just the trees—and makes the next change easier. I want  
  delicious product. it goes from this part (the brain dump-the prompt-the    a human-first system in which I am the restaurateur who tastes the final          
  hunch-the intuition) all the way to a PR that is ready to be reviewed by    product; rigor, durability, cohesion, and verification should all just work.      
  human that considers the health of the code base and makes the next                                                                                           
  change easier. that is my true goal.                                        when                                                                              
                                                                              I am trying to work on a system that compounds itself and serves as a meta        
                                                                              harness for coordinating work across the entire continuum of agentic software     
                                                                              development lifecycle.                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              I can                                                                             
                                                                              I can take work from a brain dump, prompt, hunch, or intuition through a          
                                                                              cohesive, rigorous, durable, verified change to a PR ready for human review.      
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              so                                                                                
                                                                              The system helps me consider the health of the whole codebase—the forest, not     
                                                                              just the trees—and makes the next change easier.                                  
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              not                                                                               
                                                                              I want a human-first system in which I am the restaurateur who tastes the final   
                                                                              product; rigor, durability, cohesion, and verification should all just work.      
                                                                              Running out of questions doesn't mean I understood you.                           
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              Creates a Seed Me session; this goal can't be edited after.                       
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              type confirm                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              Back                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                
  type confirm save   esc back                                                                                                                                  