                                                                                                    
  tinkery                                                                                        ?  
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
  I'm worried our onboarding emails are           I can decide whether and how to change the        
  annoying people. we send five in the first      first-week onboarding emails without eliminating  
  week and the unsubscribe rate keeps going       them entirely.                                    
  up. marketing loves them though. I don't                                                          
  want to kill them entirely, I just don't        so                                                
  want new users to feel spammed.                 I want new users not to feel spammed while        
                                                  preserving useful marketing value.                
                                                                                                    
                                                  not                                               
                                                  I don't want to kill the emails entirely, and     
                                                  they must not make new users feel spammed.        
                                                                                                    
                                                  Still open                                        
                                                  it works if — What would convince you that the    
                                                  onboarding emails are no longer causing an        
                                                  unacceptable annoyance?                           
                                                  Running out of questions doesn't mean I           
                                                  understood you.                                   
                                                                                                    
                                                  Creates a Seed Me session; this goal can't be     
                                                  edited after.                                     
                                                                                                    
                                                  type confirm                                      
                                                  Back                                              
                                                                                                    
  type confirm save   esc back                                                                      