                                                                                                                                                                
  tinkery                                                                                                                                                    ?  
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
  I'm worried our onboarding emails are annoying people. we send five in      You are confirming                                                                
  the first week and the unsubscribe rate keeps going up. marketing loves     I'm worried our onboarding emails are annoying people, while marketing values     
  them though. I don't want to kill them entirely, I just don't want new      them, I can decide whether and how to change the first-week onboarding emails     
  users to feel spammed.                                                      without eliminating them entirely, so I want new users not to feel spammed while  
                                                                              preserving useful marketing value. I don't want to kill the emails entirely, and  
                                                                              they must not make new users feel spammed.                                        
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              when                                                                              
                                                                              I'm worried our onboarding emails are annoying people, while marketing values     
                                                                              them.                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              I can                                                                             
                                                                              I can decide whether and how to change the first-week onboarding emails without   
                                                                              eliminating them entirely.                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              so                                                                                
                                                                              I want new users not to feel spammed while preserving useful marketing value.     
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              not                                                                               
                                                                              I don't want to kill the emails entirely, and they must not make new users feel   
                                                                              spammed.                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              Still open                                                                        
                                                                              it works if — What would convince you that the onboarding emails are no longer    
                                                                              causing an unacceptable annoyance?                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              Running out of questions doesn't mean I understood you.                           
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              Creates a Seed Me session; this goal can't be edited after.                       
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              type confirm                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              Back                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                
  type confirm save   esc back                                                                                                                                  