                                                                                                    
  tinkery                                                                                        ?  
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
  I'm worried our onboarding emails are           entirely, so I want new users not to feel         
  annoying people. we send five in the first      spammed while preserving useful marketing value.  
  week and the unsubscribe rate keeps going       I don't want to kill the emails entirely, and     
  up. marketing loves them though. I don't        they must not make new users feel spammed.        
  want to kill them entirely, I just don't                                                          
  want new users to feel spammed.                 when                                              
                                                  I'm worried our onboarding emails are annoying    
                                                  people, while marketing values them.              
                                                                                                    
                                                  I can                                             
                                                  I can decide whether and how to change the        
                                                  first-week onboarding emails without eliminating  
                                                  them entirely.                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                  so                                                
                                                  I want new users not to feel spammed while        
                                                  Running out of questions doesn't mean I           
                                                  understood you.                                   
                                                                                                    
                                                  Creates a Seed Me session; this goal can't be     
                                                  edited after.                                     
                                                                                                    
                                                  type confirm                                      
                                                  Back                                              
                                                                                                    
  type confirm save   esc back                                                                      