                                                                                                    
  tinkery                                                                                        ?  
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
  I want a way to keep track of the books I've    I think you mean…                                 
  read this year. I usually forget what I read    I I see all the books I've read this year in one  
  by december. it would be nice to see them       place with a short note on what I thought of      
  all in one place with a short note on what I    each one, This year, before December.             
  thought of each one. nothing fancy.             Why: I usually forget what I read by december.    
                                                  Must: The books I've read this year are           
                                                  included.                                         
                                                  Must: Each book has a short note on what I        
                                                  thought of it.                                    
                                                  Must not: It must not be fancy.                   
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                  One thing I'm not sure about                      
                                                  What would you check to know this is done?        
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                  your answer                                       
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
  2 send   3 review   8 skip   10 menu                                                              