                                                                                                    
  tinkery                                                                                        ?  
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
  I want a way to keep track of the books I've    You are confirming                                
  read this year. I usually forget what I read    I I see all the books I've read this year in one  
  by december. it would be nice to see them       place with a short note on what I thought of      
  all in one place with a short note on what I    each one, This year, before December.             
  thought of each one. nothing fancy.             Why: I usually forget what I read by december.    
                                                  Must: The books I've read this year are           
                                                  included.                                         
                                                  Must: Each book has a short note on what I        
                                                  thought of it.                                    
                                                  Must not: It must not be fancy.                   
                                                                                                    
                                                  Still open                                        
                                                  Done when — What would you check to know this is  
                                                  done?                                             
                                                                                                    
                                                  “This year” refers to the current calendar year.  
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                  type confirm to save. You can't edit it after.    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                  Back                                              
                                                                                                    
  type confirm save   esc back                                                                      