                                                                                                    
  tinkery                                                                                        ?  
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
  my mom keeps getting scam texts and almost      Done when — What should you observe to know this  
  clicked one yesterday. i want something that    is working—for example, your mom checks a         
  helps her tell if a text is fake before she     suspicious text before tapping it?                
  taps anything. she wont install apps and she                                                      
  hates when i lecture her. maybe a shortcut      {"benefits":["Uses a person she may already       
  where she forwards the text to me? not sure     trust.","Could avoid installing an                
  what iphone version she has. it has to be       app."],"costs":["May not be immediate if you are  
  dead simple, like one step                      unavailable.","PROVISIONAL assumption:            
                                                  forwarding may not itself help her judge the      
                                                  text before tapping."],"option":"She forwards     
                                                  the text to you."}                                
                                                                                                    
                                                  The observable check for knowing the goal is      
                                                  achieved.                                         
                                                                                                    
                                                  Any solution requiring an app conflicts with her  
                                                  stated preference.                                
                                                                                                    
                                                  The forwarding idea is a candidate mechanism,     
                                                  not yet the confirmed outcome.                    
                                                  type confirm to save. You can't edit it after.    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                  Back                                              
                                                                                                    
  type confirm save   esc back                                                                      