                                                                                                    
  tinkery                                                                                        ?  
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
  my mom keeps getting scam texts and almost      You are confirming                                
  clicked one yesterday. i want something that    My mom identifies whether a text is fake before   
  helps her tell if a text is fake before she     tapping anything.                                 
  taps anything. she wont install apps and she    Why: She keeps receiving scam texts and almost    
  hates when i lecture her. maybe a shortcut      clicked one yesterday.                            
  where she forwards the text to me? not sure     Must: She will not install apps.                  
  what iphone version she has. it has to be       Must: It has to be dead simple, like one step.    
  dead simple, like one step                      Must not: She must not feel lectured.             
                                                                                                    
                                                  for the seed: What iPhone version she has.        
                                                                                                    
                                                  Still open                                        
                                                  Done when — What should you observe to know this  
                                                  is working—for example, your mom checks a         
                                                  suspicious text before tapping it?                
                                                                                                    
                                                  {"benefits":["Uses a person she may already       
                                                  trust.","Could avoid installing an                
                                                  app."],"costs":["May not be immediate if you are  
                                                  unavailable.","PROVISIONAL assumption:            
                                                  type confirm to save. You can't edit it after.    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                  Back                                              
                                                                                                    
  type confirm save   esc back                                                                      