                                                                                                    
  tinkery                                                                                        ?  
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
  my mom keeps getting scam texts and almost      Must: She will not install apps.                  
  clicked one yesterday. i want something that    Must: It has to be dead simple, like one step.    
  helps her tell if a text is fake before she     Must not: She must not feel lectured.             
  taps anything. she wont install apps and she                                                      
  hates when i lecture her. maybe a shortcut      for the seed: What iPhone version she has.        
  where she forwards the text to me? not sure                                                       
  what iphone version she has. it has to be       Still open                                        
  dead simple, like one step                      Done when — What should you observe to know this  
                                                  is working—for example, your mom checks a         
                                                  suspicious text before tapping it?                
                                                                                                    
                                                  {"benefits":["Uses a person she may already       
                                                  trust.","Could avoid installing an                
                                                  app."],"costs":["May not be immediate if you are  
                                                  unavailable.","PROVISIONAL assumption:            
                                                  forwarding may not itself help her judge the      
                                                  text before tapping."],"option":"She forwards     
                                                  the text to you."}                                
                                                                                                    
                                                  The observable check for knowing the goal is      
                                                  type confirm to save. You can't edit it after.    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                  Back                                              
                                                                                                    
  type confirm save   esc back                                                                      