                                                                                                    
  tinkery                                                                                        ?  
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
  my mom keeps getting scam texts and almost                                                        
  clicked one yesterday. i want something that    Still open                                        
  helps her tell if a text is fake before she     Done when — What should you observe to know this  
  taps anything. she wont install apps and she    is working—for example, your mom checks a         
  hates when i lecture her. maybe a shortcut      suspicious text before tapping it?                
  where she forwards the text to me? not sure                                                       
  what iphone version she has. it has to be       {"benefits":["Uses a person she may already       
  dead simple, like one step                      trust.","Could avoid installing an                
                                                  app."],"costs":["May not be immediate if you are  
                                                  unavailable.","PROVISIONAL assumption:            
                                                  forwarding may not itself help her judge the      
                                                  text before tapping."],"option":"She forwards     
                                                  the text to you."}                                
                                                                                                    
                                                  The observable check for knowing the goal is      
                                                  achieved.                                         
                                                                                                    
                                                  Any solution requiring an app conflicts with her  
                                                  stated preference.                                
                                                                                                    
                                                  type confirm to save. You can't edit it after.    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                  Back                                              
                                                                                                    
  type confirm save   esc back                                                                      