                                                                                                    
  tinkery                                                                                        ?  
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
  the ledger report is useless to me in the       instead of facing a wall of numbers. It works if  
  morning. its a wall of numbers and i dont       I can know in like 5 seconds using useful         
  know what to do with it. i want to open         changes per hour and maybe cost; No dashboard;    
  tinkery and in like 5 seconds know if           it must not fail silently.                        
  yesterday went well or not. maybe one                                                             
  number? useful changes per hour is the one      when                                              
  that matters. cost too maybe. i dont want a     In the morning, when I open Tinkery after         
  dashboard. also the 6am job sometimes fails     yesterday's ledger activity                       
  silently and i only find out days later                                                           
                                                  I can                                             
                                                  know whether yesterday went well and whether the  
                                                  6am job failed                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                  so                                                
                                                  so I know what to do with the ledger instead of   
                                                  facing a wall of numbers                          
                                                  Running out of questions doesn't mean I           
                                                  understood you.                                   
                                                                                                    
                                                  Creates a Seed Me session; this goal can't be     
                                                  edited after.                                     
                                                                                                    
                                                  type confirm                                      
                                                  Back                                              
                                                                                                    
  type confirm save   esc back                                                                      