                                                                                                    
  tinkery                                                                                        ?  
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
  the ledger report is useless to me in the       when                                              
  morning. its a wall of numbers and i dont       In the morning, when I open Tinkery after         
  know what to do with it. i want to open         yesterday's ledger activity                       
  tinkery and in like 5 seconds know if                                                             
  yesterday went well or not. maybe one           I can                                             
  number? useful changes per hour is the one      know whether yesterday went well and whether the  
  that matters. cost too maybe. i dont want a     6am job failed                                    
  dashboard. also the 6am job sometimes fails                                                       
  silently and i only find out days later         so                                                
                                                  so I know what to do with the ledger instead of   
                                                  facing a wall of numbers                          
                                                                                                    
                                                  it works if                                       
                                                  It works if I can know in like 5 seconds using    
                                                  useful changes per hour and maybe cost            
                                                                                                    
                                                  Running out of questions doesn't mean I           
                                                  understood you.                                   
                                                                                                    
                                                  Creates a Seed Me session; this goal can't be     
                                                  edited after.                                     
                                                                                                    
                                                  type confirm                                      
                                                  Back                                              
                                                                                                    
  type confirm save   esc back                                                                      