                                                                                                    
  tinkery                                                                                        ?  
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
  I want a way to keep track of the books I've    I think you mean…                                 
  read this year. I usually forget what I read    When I read books during the year, I forget what  
  by december. it would be nice to see them       I read by December, I can keep track of the       
  all in one place with a short note on what I    books I've read this year and see them all in     
  thought of each one. nothing fancy.             one place with a short note on what I thought of  
                                                  each one, so I can remember what I read. It       
                                                  works if I can see each book from this year       
                                                  alongside a short note about my thoughts; It      
                                                  must be nothing fancy.                            
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                  Nothing I'm unsure about. Review when you're      
                                                  ready.                                            
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                  your answer                                       
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
  2 send   3 review   10 menu                                                                       