                                                                                                                                                                
  tinkery                                                                                                                                                    ?  
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
  I have been trying so hard to work on a system that compounds itself and    You are confirming                                                                
  serves as a meta harness. its a human first board for coordinainting        I can can coordinate work across the entire continuum of agentic software         
  work from the entire continuum of agentic software development lifecycle    development lifecycle from the brain dump to a PR ready to be reviewed by a       
  that has the rigor and durability and cohesive and verification that all    human.                                                                            
  'just work's and thinks about the future of any code base it works on.      Why: make the next change easier while considering the health of the code base;   
  not just the trees, but the forest. it should operate like a michellin      think about the forest, not just the trees.                                       
  star resteraunt and I am the resterauntaur that tastes the final            Done when: a PR is ready to be reviewed by a human.                               
  delicious product. it goes from this part (the brain dump-the prompt-the    Keep: human first; rigor; durability; cohesion; verification; a system that       
  hunch-the intuition) all the way to a PR that is ready to be reviewed by    compounds itself and serves as a meta harness.                                    
  human that considers the health of the code base and makes the next                                                                                           
  change easier. that is my true goal.                                        Still open                                                                        
                                                                              PROVISIONAL assumption: “a PR that is ready to be reviewed by a human” is the     
                                                                              primary observable completion check.                                              
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              PROVISIONAL assumption: “make the next change easier” captures the intended       
                                                                              change from the current state.                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              Running out of questions doesn't mean I understood you.                           
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              Creates a Seed Me session; this goal can't be edited after.                       
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              type confirm                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              Back                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                
  type confirm save   esc back                                                                                                                                  