                                                                                                                                                                
  tinkery                                                                                                                                                    ?  
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
  I have been trying so hard to work on a system that compounds itself and    I think you mean…                                                                 
  serves as a meta harness. its a human first board for coordinainting        I can can coordinate work across the entire continuum of agentic software         
  work from the entire continuum of agentic software development lifecycle    development lifecycle from the brain dump to a PR ready to be reviewed by a       
  that has the rigor and durability and cohesive and verification that all    human.                                                                            
  'just work's and thinks about the future of any code base it works on.      Why: make the next change easier while considering the health of the code base;   
  not just the trees, but the forest. it should operate like a michellin      think about the forest, not just the trees.                                       
  star resteraunt and I am the resterauntaur that tastes the final            Done when: a PR is ready to be reviewed by a human.                               
  delicious product. it goes from this part (the brain dump-the prompt-the    Keep: human first; rigor; durability; cohesion; verification; a system that       
  hunch-the intuition) all the way to a PR that is ready to be reviewed by    compounds itself and serves as a meta harness.                                    
  human that considers the health of the code base and makes the next                                                                                           
  change easier. that is my true goal.                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              Nothing I'm unsure about. Review when you're ready.                               
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              your answer                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
  2 send   3 review   10 menu                                                                                                                                   