                                                                                                    
  tinkery                                                                                        ?  
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
  I want a way to keep track of the books I've    I think you mean…                                 
  read this year. I usually forget what I read    I can keep track of the books I've read this      
  by december. it would be nice to see them       year.                                             
  all in one place with a short note on what I    Why: I usually forget what I read by december.    
  thought of each one. nothing fancy.             Done when: I can see them all in one place with   
                                                  a short note on what I thought of each one.       
                                                  Keep: a short note on what I thought of each      
                                                  one.                                              
                                                  Avoid: nothing fancy.                             
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                  Nothing I'm unsure about. Review when you're      
                                                  ready.                                            
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                  your answer                                       
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
  2 send   3 review   10 menu                                                                       