                                                                                                    
  tinkery                                                                                        ?  
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
  I want a way to keep track of the books I've    You are confirming                                
  read this year. I usually forget what I read    I can keep track of the books I've read this      
  by december. it would be nice to see them       year.                                             
  all in one place with a short note on what I    Why: I usually forget what I read by december.    
  thought of each one. nothing fancy.             Done when: I can see them all in one place with   
                                                  a short note on what I thought of each one.       
                                                  Keep: a short note on what I thought of each      
                                                  one.                                              
                                                  Avoid: nothing fancy.                             
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                                                  Running out of questions doesn't mean I           
                                                  understood you.                                   
                                                                                                    
                                                  Creates a Seed Me session; this goal can't be     
                                                  edited after.                                     
                                                                                                    
                                                  type confirm                                      
                                                  Back                                              
                                                                                                    
  type confirm save   esc back                                                                      