                                                                                                    
  tinkery                                                                                        ?  
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
  i keep thinking about voice. talking is         make starting a dump feel less effortful.         
  faster than typing for me when im tired. but                                                      
  maybe the real problem is i dont start dumps    when                                              
  at all at night because opening a terminal      When I’m tired at night, talking is faster than   
  feels like work. or maybe its both              typing, and opening a terminal feels like work.   
                                                                                                    
                                                  I can                                             
                                                  I can determine whether I need voice input, an    
                                                  easier way to start dumps, or both.               
                                                                                                    
                                                  so                                                
                                                  I can make starting a dump feel less effortful.   
                                                                                                    
                                                  Still open                                        
                                                  I can — Do you mainly want to identify the        
                                                  biggest source of friction, or design a way to    
                                                  Running out of questions doesn't mean I           
                                                  understood you.                                   
                                                                                                    
                                                  Creates a Seed Me session; this goal can't be     
                                                  edited after.                                     
                                                                                                    
                                                  type confirm                                      
                                                  Back                                              
                                                                                                    
  type confirm save   esc back                                                                      