                                                                                                    
  tinkery                                                                                        ?  
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
  I want a way to keep track of the books I've    I thought of each one, so I can remember and      
  read this year. I usually forget what I read    review my reading more easily. It works if I can  
  by december. it would be nice to see them       find each book I've read this year and its short  
  all in one place with a short note on what I    note in one place; It should be nothing fancy.    
  thought of each one. nothing fancy.                                                               
                                                  when                                              
                                                  I want to keep track of the books I've read this  
                                                  year because I usually forget what I read by      
                                                  december.                                         
                                                                                                    
                                                  I can                                             
                                                  I can see all the books I've read this year in    
                                                  one place, with a short note about what I         
                                                  thought of each one.                              
                                                                                                    
                                                  so                                                
                                                  Running out of questions doesn't mean I           
                                                  understood you.                                   
                                                                                                    
                                                  Creates a Seed Me session; this goal can't be     
                                                  edited after.                                     
                                                                                                    
                                                  type confirm                                      
                                                  Back                                              
                                                                                                    
  type confirm save   esc back                                                                      