                                                                                                                                                                
  tinkery                                                                                                                                                    ?  
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
  I have been trying so hard to work on a system that compounds itself and    You are confirming                                                                
  serves as a meta harness. its a human first board for coordinainting        I receive a delicious change ready for human review that considers the health of  
  work from the entire continuum of agentic software development lifecycle    the code base and makes the next change easier.                                   
  that has the rigor and durability and cohesive and verification that all    Why: I want work across the entire continuum of agentic software development to   
  'just work's and thinks about the future of any code base it works on.      have rigor, durability, cohesion, and verification, from brain dump, prompt,      
  not just the trees, but the forest. it should operate like a michellin      hunch, or intuition through a review-ready pull request.                          
  star resteraunt and I am the resterauntaur that tastes the final            Must: The work serves as a meta harness.                                          
  delicious product. it goes from this part (the brain dump-the prompt-the    Must: The work is human first.                                                    
  hunch-the intuition) all the way to a PR that is ready to be reviewed by    Must: The work considers the forest, not just the trees.                          
  human that considers the health of the code base and makes the next                                                                                           
  change easier. that is my true goal.                                        also in your dump: Build a system that compounds itself.; Coordinate the entire   
                                                                              agentic software development lifecycle.; Make the parts of the workflow just      
                                                                              work together.                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              Still open                                                                        
                                                                              Done when — What observable check would tell you this is working?                 
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              A workflow spanning the brain dump, prompt, hunch, or intuition through a pull    
                                                                              request ready for human review.                                                   
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              What observable check shows that the outcome is achieved?                         
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              The desired outcome is represented as a review-ready code change rather than the  
                                                                              system itself.                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              type confirm to save. You can't edit it after.                                    
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                              Back                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                
  type confirm save   esc back                                                                                                                                  